Rudranath Temple: Rudraprayag is named after Shiva, and the temple of Rudranath is situated at the confluence of the Alaknanda and Mandakini rivers. According to mythology Narada Muni worshiped god Shiva here to learn music from him. The god then taught him music in his form of Rudra, the god of music. There used to be a rock called Narad Shila, where Narada is said to have sat in meditation.

Dhari Devi Mandir: situated at Kalyasaur in between Srinagar and Rudraprayag. Distance between Srinagar-Dhari Devi and Dhari Devi-Rudraprayag is 16 km and 20 km, respectively.

Chamunda Devi Temple: the temple is also situated at the confluence of the holy rivers (Alaknanda & Mandakini). Chamunda, the wife of Rudra, is worshiped here.

Koteshwar:a temple of Shiva made by natural caves.

Tungeshwar Mahadev Ji, Phalasi: this temple has been here for centuries. Folklore has it that the Pandavas came here for penance. On the way from Chopta, there are many small temples up to the Tunganath Temple. On the temple walls, are terracotta style seals and Shiva-Parvati figurines.

Kartik Swami Temple:this temple is dedicated to Kartikeya, son of Shiva. It can be reached by a 3 km trek from Kanak Chauri village, which is located on the Rudraprayag-Pokhri route, 38 km from Rudraprayag. Visitors can see the snow-clad Himalayan range from the Kartik Swami temple.[3]

Basukedar: this village is where Shiva reputedly lived, before coming to Kedarnath. It's a Shiva temple constructed by Pandavas. The architecture and idols seem to be at least 1000 yrs old. It is a good place for meditation and dhyana yoga. It is around 35 km from Agustmuni. around 1.30 hr by drive. This is actually an old track to visit Kedarnath. It is said that Shiva stayed a night in Basukedar while he was travelling to Kedarnath; this is the reason this place is called Basukedar.

Kedarnath Temple: one of the twelve Jyotirlingas of Shiva, is situated in the Himalayan, it is believed that the Kedarnath temple was built by the Pandavas in ancient times. Later, King Bhoj of Malwa also did some work related to temple construction. Most people believe that the present form of the temple was built by Adi Shankaracharya in the 8th century. The temple doors are closed for 6 months during the winter period, during this time the unbroken holdings in the temple keep on burning for 6 months.